let's go now to the first difficult moment of
the night and it's the blond team's turn
ahead
Alanis from Florida
Adam of Texas Lark of California and
Jennifer from Puerto Rico
how handsome are all
good roberto although it is not subtle I know
that you have lived many moments with
all of them are not already friends clear
yes
since the competition starts
I consider all the kids my
friends with many of them I had the
opportunity to live
and well I want to wish you the best
Whatever happens, be the decision that
take your coach and the one you decide that
my best wishes
never get discouraged always fight for
your dreams blessings and pure for
ahead
friends and also the colors very well
well I want you guys are not
paulina no but that everyone bottom in as
something positive the point of this
competition is also have fun
have a good time and really enjoy it
and whatever happens, all are winners and
I hope everyone has learned and
take something special from this
competition
Pauline we are about to know the
results that I would like to tell you
my beautiful babes at 4 avant and
have lark jennifer the best is for
come have your whole life ahead
this has been a great platform for
that everyone knows them and I believe
who are very talented
I wish you the best always and buzz that
win the best within you four and
within the three teams
very well
Well, the time has come
here comes Jorge with the results
let's find out who the artist of the
blond team that you have saved with
your votes
the blond team artist saved by the
popular vote that will go to the grand final
to the ani
congratulations to the net
and with this we come to the moment more
difficult for the golden girl tonight
paulina
who do you think will help you win
this competition and who are you going to save
the strokes are very very important for
my three have very different color
of voice very different its essence
young children know that to which
I want a lot of thanks for allowing me
guide them and do not cry that they know that
this is a contest
and forgive me for having to choose anything
more to one of you know that the
I want with all my heart and that this is
a game just like life is a game
for a strategy and for
by a decision of my audience and the
twitter
and tonight I'm going to choose
I'm going to choose a lark
the entities
lark is the second representative of the
blond first in the grand finale
with this result we know that up
here comes fer and adam comes to the
competition for you but the
we want very much and we give them the
thank you for everything that we have
given and everything they have shared with
we are big they are very big and
we love you very much
please continue strong applause
for cher efe
I want you to take the oscar
and life starts badly pay attention to me what
I say to you
degrees
thank you very much paulina